====== Chat log IRC Devel Meeting - 2013-09-12 ======

===== outstanding issues at this time, if any =====
[2014-05-14 16:06:41] <miconda> apparently is a race for cleaning up dialog which goes from initial state to terminated state\\
[2014-05-14 16:06:44] <miconda> reported recentrly\\
[2014-05-14 16:07:04] <miconda> i looked a bit, couldn’t reproduce, but I expect is under high load\\
[2014-05-14 16:07:25] <miconda> as a lead now, could be due to pre/post-script callbacks\\
[2014-05-14 16:07:25] <abalashov> I also brought up the topic of CONFIRMED_NA dialogs getting stuck until dialog_timeout, but with no response (that I saw).\\
[2014-05-14 16:08:06] <miconda> abalashov: yes, together with delayed release of event route reported by osas\\
[2014-05-14 16:08:16] <miconda> will make a bit of work on dialog\\
[2014-05-14 16:08:41] <miconda> which might end up in getting rid of dependency on tm … which is not that useful, imo\\
[2014-05-14 16:08:59] <miconda> dialog can handle the requests and replies by itself\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:04] <miconda> i will see\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:15] <abalashov> Agree that knowledge of transaction state is not really essential to dialog functionality; it's just convenient.\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:35] <miconda> it is not exported to dialog api in any way\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:45] <oej> Doesn't other modules that depend on dialog depend on transaction state?\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:48] <oej> Like dialog\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:48] <miconda> just convenience in matching replies some time\\
[2014-05-14 16:09:50] <abalashov> And can sometimes break things -- if dialog-altering sequential request comes through but in some way improperly (say, no Route set) and TM doesn't trigger the right callbacks / doesn't know about the transaction.\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:15] <miconda> oej: what do you mean with ‘Like dialog’?\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:22] <oej> http://kamailio.org/docs/modules/devel/modules/pua_dialoginfo.html \\
[2014-05-14 16:10:25] <oej> Depends on dialog\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:35] <miconda> ahh, ok, pua_dialoginfo\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:43] <oej> And dialoginfo shows transaction states of the invite trans\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:46] <miconda> no, they don’t depend on transaction state\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:56] <miconda> only on dialog states\\
[2014-05-14 16:10:59] <oej> according to the spec it does\\
[2014-05-14 16:11:18] <miconda> well, the states are initial, ringing, confirmed\\
[2014-05-14 16:11:46] <osas> dialog relies on tm for getting back replies\\
[2014-05-14 16:11:46] <miconda> which correspond to some of transaction states, but in the code, dialog doesn’t propagate tm info\\
[2014-05-14 16:12:57] <osas> no, it doesn't\\
[2014-05-14 16:13:06] <abalashov> miconda, it seems I neglected to see your reply on the CONFIRMED_NA topic ... http://lists.sip-router.org/pipermail/sr-dev/2014-April/023862.html -- sorry for the misapprehension. \\
[2014-05-14 16:13:58] <abalashov> miconda: The proxy does get BYEs in this scenario, but because the dialog is not yet confirmed+established they do not result in tearing down the dialog.\\
[2014-05-14 16:14:11] <miconda> abalashov: ok\\
[2014-05-14 16:14:36] <abalashov> miconda: This generally happens due to 200 OK-CANCEL race, but can also happen due to malformed ACKs and whatnot.\\
[2014-05-14 16:14:41] <miconda> found another one recently, when the dialog was not destroyed on timeout if bye failed to be sent\\
[2014-05-14 16:15:05] <miconda> to conclude, dialog needs a bit of hammering :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:15:07] <abalashov> Dialog is a very messy piece of the proxy, it just happens to be very extremely useful in the applied dimension.\\
[2014-05-14 16:16:30] <miconda> other issues?\\
[2014-05-14 16:17:30] <abalashov> miconda: I hear you on setting the dialog timeout to one timer prior to ACK and another after, but maybe there should be a separate timeout setting for unconfirmed dialogs? Or is that asking too much?\\
[2014-05-14 16:17:40] <abalashov> miconda: It's an extremely common problem in high-pace environments due to 200 OK/CANCEL race.\\
[2014-05-14 16:18:17] <miconda> abalashov: separate timeout can be added indeed\\
[2014-05-14 16:18:26] <abalashov> miconda: I'd be willing to work on that.\\
[2014-05-14 16:18:36] <abalashov> miconda: Problem is it's so difficult to simulate a 200 OK/CANCEL race deliberately.\\
[2014-05-14 16:19:07] <abalashov> miconda: I might take the approach of sending some bullshit ACK instead. Maybe with the wrong From tag. That reliably works, I know from unfortunate personal experience with the VOS3000.\\
[2014-05-14 16:19:20] <miconda> abalashov: we will give you a free license for devel purposes\\
[2014-05-14 16:19:21] <abalashov> (or rather, wrong To tag, actually)\\
[2014-05-14 16:19:22] <miconda> :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:20:13] <linuxmaniac> sorry for asking but what is the difference between dialog and dialog_ng?\\
[2014-05-14 16:20:26] <abalashov> That's a good question. I am unclear on this as well.\\
[2014-05-14 16:20:51] <miconda> dialog_ng - dialog = _ng\\
[2014-05-14 16:20:59] <abalashov> Hah!\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:09] <miconda> _ng version is an attempt to rework dialog\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:11] <abalashov> linuxmaniac: In theory it is supposed to be a next generation dialog module that deals better with spirals and forking.\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:19] <abalashov> linuxmaniac: In practice I am unsure as to what the practical difference is at this point.\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:21] <miconda> it was a discussion some time ago\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:41] <miconda> but apparently dialog_ng doesn’t have all features of dialog\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:50] <abalashov> Right, so in practice I don't see it being so usable.\\
[2014-05-14 16:21:59] <miconda> there is a wiki page about the discusion on dialog_ng\\
[2014-05-14 16:22:08] <linuxmaniac> but, is anyone working on it?\\
[2014-05-14 16:22:19] <carstenbock> We are making heavy use of dialog_ng for IMS topics.\\
[2014-05-14 16:22:22] <miconda> and, if i got it right, is mostly ims oriented now\\
[2014-05-14 16:22:26] <miconda> the ims devs\\
[2014-05-14 16:22:32] <carstenbock> Here we are!\\
[2014-05-14 16:22:55] <linuxmaniac> any plans to get all the features of dialog?\\
[2014-05-14 16:23:01] <abalashov> Nevertheless, this is likely to be confusing to the general public and newbies and so on.\\
[2014-05-14 16:23:01] <caruizdiaz> by Jason Penton: "Dialog2 is a start at the following: http://www.kamailio.org/dokuwiki/doku.php/modules-new-design:dialog-module-design  We needed this functionality for the IMS modules. In IMS a proxy can take the same session in both terminating and originating modes (ie 2 dialogs for the same session). dialog 1 does not support this. Dialog2 has been tested to at least support the functionality we required and we will build \\
[2014-05-14 16:23:03] <miconda> so carstenbock can say the diff between dialog and dialog_ng\\
[2014-05-14 16:23:13] <caruizdiaz> dialog2 was the original name of dialog_ng\\
[2014-05-14 16:23:45] <abalashov> My personal reading when I first ran into it was, "Oh, it's _ng, that sounds like some avant garde stuff, I don't think I'll use it."  But in the case of rtpproxy_ng this would be incorrect thinking.  :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:23:59] <linuxmaniac> :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:24:17] <qxork> avant garde\\
[2014-05-14 16:24:18] <linuxmaniac> now we don't have any _ng\\
[2014-05-14 16:24:25] <abalashov> Yeah, I know.\\
[2014-05-14 16:24:34] <abalashov> rtpengine_ng - specially for IMS :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:24:45] <carstenbock> At the moment the development on the dialog_ng module is on "per demand" basis.\\
[2014-05-14 16:24:58] <caruizdiaz> AFAIR, the only missing thing in dialog_ng, is the full database support\\
[2014-05-14 16:25:15] <linuxmaniac> so there is no intension to replace dialog with dialog_ng in the long term\\
[2014-05-14 16:25:30] <abalashov> ... contrary to the triumphant announcement in the dialog_ng documentation ...\\
[2014-05-14 16:26:26] <linuxmaniac> I'm just asking because it seems dialog need some work\\
[2014-05-14 16:26:30] <caruizdiaz> maybe in a future. Currently I believe it would be impractical to do that.\\
[2014-05-14 16:26:58] <linuxmaniac> OK, moving on\\
[2014-05-14 16:27:33] <abalashov> caruizdiaz: I think the dialog_ng module should perhaps be amended to take a more moderate stance, then. As it is written now, it states, "El nuevo dialog! Viva la revolucion!"\\
[2014-05-14 16:27:42] <abalashov> caruizdiaz: + documentation\\
[2014-05-14 16:28:03] <oej> +7\\
[2014-05-14 16:28:48] <carstenbock> Maybe an option would be, to rename dialog_ng to dialog_ims, to reduce the confusion.\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:09] <carstenbock> (at least as long as it's mostly used for IMS)\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:09] <caruizdiaz> abalashov: jajajaj, maybe yes, but I don't think it is affecting the new comers. I did not read any inquiry or doubt about which of them to use.\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:26] <carstenbock> True...\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:31] <miconda> ok, so are we done?\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:34] <oej> We had it in a release so it's late for rename\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:43] <miconda> with dlg vs dlg_ng …\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:46] <oej> But improving the docs is a good thing to avoid any confusion\\
[2014-05-14 16:29:52] <carstenbock> Okay, agreed.\\
[2014-05-14 16:30:11] <linuxmaniac> done\\
[2014-05-14 16:30:12] <oej> Assigned to carstenbock aka "The IMS Guy"\\
[2014-05-14 16:30:23] <carstenbock> Damn!\\
[2014-05-14 16:30:24] <carstenbock> :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:30:26] <caruizdiaz> :D:D\\
[2014-05-14 16:30:42] <javar> :)\\

===== major release =====
[2014-05-14 16:31:04] <miconda> most probably autumn time frame\\
[2014-05-14 16:31:55] <miconda> it fits the development cycle interval and I guess summer is not the ideal for testing a frozen branch\\
[2014-05-14 16:32:26] <miconda> perhaps we can decide the date to freeze development at the end of summer, via mailing list\\
[2014-05-14 16:32:39] <oej> +1\\
[2014-05-14 16:32:44] <oej> What's new?\\
[2014-05-14 16:32:51] <oej> Event stuff\\
[2014-05-14 16:32:52] <miconda> i think there are like 3 new modules now\\
[2014-05-14 16:32:53] <abalashov> Will it be Kamailio 5.0? :)  Or is it time for it to become Kamailio Vista?\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:11] <miconda> plus quite a lot in other old modules\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:12] <caruizdiaz> :D\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:20] <oej> Kamailio 95\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:27] <oej> Inspired by SAAB 95\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:29] <miconda> afaik, there are 3-4 modules to be added soon …\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:30] <oej> (of course)\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:33] <oej> What's that?\\
[2014-05-14 16:33:36] <qxork> Kamailio_NG\\
[2014-05-14 16:34:00] <miconda> two erlang modules are on github in a different repo\\
[2014-05-14 16:34:08] <abalashov> Actually, I assume it will be Kamailio 4.2. Right?\\
[2014-05-14 16:34:19] <miconda> i discussed with the developer, he wants more polishing before incorporating them\\
[2014-05-14 16:34:32] <oej> Erlang? Cool.\\
[2014-05-14 16:34:45] <caruizdiaz> do you have the links?\\
[2014-05-14 16:35:04] <miconda> one module by kazoo guys to be reviewed and adjusted to be more generic if it is the case (on github as well)\\
[2014-05-14 16:35:25] <miconda> caruizdiaz: searching on github should reveal them\\
[2014-05-14 16:35:28] <linuxmaniac> No Go yet?\\
[2014-05-14 16:35:38] <caruizdiaz> ok, tks\\
[2014-05-14 16:35:56] <abalashov> linuxmaniac: No indeed, and neither Haskell.\\
[2014-05-14 16:36:12] <miconda> the developer of json modules said at some point in time that they refactored, but i haven’t seen any updates yet\\
[2014-05-14 16:36:40] <abalashov> miconda: Has there been any movement on the topic of how exactly the evapi should work?\\
[2014-05-14 16:36:57] <miconda> abalashov: “at your will”\\
[2014-05-14 16:37:03] <miconda> no format enforced now\\
[2014-05-14 16:37:12] <abalashov> What about subscriptions and filtering?\\
[2014-05-14 16:38:25] <miconda> nothing yet — looks like a busy summer for you :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:38:34] <abalashov> :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:38:53] <abalashov> Previously I had done all this with uac_req_send().\\
[2014-05-14 16:38:57] <abalashov> This offers a novel approach.\\
[2014-05-14 16:39:29] <miconda> to conclude, I’m sure there will be plenty of new modules by the time of the next major release\\
[2014-05-14 16:39:38] <oej> Cool\\
[2014-05-14 16:40:01] <miconda> those are what I am aware at this time to be on pipeline\\
[2014-05-14 16:40:16] <abalashov> Are there are any defunct and unmaintained modules that should be deprecated?\\
[2014-05-14 16:40:39] <abalashov> I have my eye on 'seas', not sure what it's status is.\\
[2014-05-14 16:40:41] <miconda> and maybe 1-2 more from me … let’s see how the time goes\\
[2014-05-14 16:40:44] <abalashov> *its\\
[2014-05-14 16:40:54] <miconda> seas should work ok\\
[2014-05-14 16:41:07] <stangrze> hi\\
[2014-05-14 16:41:08] <miconda> iirc, some stuff related to tcp was missing there\\
[2014-05-14 16:41:19] <miconda> but for udp, should be no problems\\
[2014-05-14 16:41:58] <abalashov> I get lots of questions about fleshing out the Kamailio SNMP MIB with something more useful, since bellheads love SNMP.\\
[2014-05-14 16:42:08] <miconda> and, being asked up here, it’s going to be 4.2.0\\
[2014-05-14 16:42:13] <abalashov> I always just tell them to wrap custom OIDs with kamctl queries.\\
[2014-05-14 16:42:38] <miconda> 5.0 when we deprecate ipv4 and we support ipv6 and ipv9\\
[2014-05-14 16:42:48] <abalashov> aka Kamailio Vista\\
[2014-05-14 16:43:07] <stangrze> erlang module is at github.com/stangrze/sip-router-erlang-module\\
[2014-05-14 16:43:45] <miconda> abalashov: should not be hard to add to snmpstats, oej did latel several of them\\
[2014-05-14 16:43:59] <miconda> stangrze: hello! thanks for the link to erlang module\\
[2014-05-14 16:44:00] <stangrze> its quite usable now, would appreciate is someone dares to test it wit dome complex config\\
[2014-05-14 16:44:01] <caruizdiaz> topic suggestion: modifying/enhancing the db api to support nosql databases\\
[2014-05-14 16:44:22] <miconda> stangrze: i was just going to ask abotu the state\\
[2014-05-14 16:44:25] <stangrze> ...some..\\
[2014-05-14 16:44:49] <miconda> stangrze: going to see if I can hunt some erlang fans\\
[2014-05-14 16:45:21] <miconda> stangrze: perhaps testing will come easier for everyone when the module gets into main repo\\
[2014-05-14 16:45:42] <stangrze> database interface for srdb1 is quite complete, you can use boss_db app to connect to mysql database, and it should doo all stuff\\
[2014-05-14 16:46:26] <miconda> ok, let’s conclude with major release: autumn, decision on date by end of summer\\
[2014-05-14 16:47:14] <stangrze> i got busy with broadcom's as-feature-event stuff i need for my work, than i'll get back to erlang\\
[2014-05-14 16:47:39] <abalashov> stangrze: You mean Broadsoft?  :)\\
[2014-05-14 16:47:53] <stangrze> broadsoft, sory ;-)\\

===== minor release =====
[2014-05-14 16:49:00] <miconda> planning one by end of may, early june\\
[2014-05-14 16:49:13] <miconda> before starting the holidays season\\
[2014-05-14 16:50:00] <miconda> most probably for both latest stable branches this time — 4.0 and 4.1\\
[2014-05-14 16:50:18] <miconda> so this was short — I gues …\\
[2014-05-14 16:50:27] <miconda> we get back to proposed topics later\\
[2014-05-14 16:50:36] <linuxmaniac> jessie will freeze at 6th of November 2014\\
[2014-05-14 16:50:51] <miconda> just to finish what we have on wiki\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:07] <miconda> linuxmaniac: so we have to do a major release before to get it in, right?\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:14] <linuxmaniac> yes\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:16] <oej> I will freeze in october already...\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:19] <miconda> ok\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:24] <miconda> :-)\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:36] <eZz> hello\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:41] <linuxmaniac> and afer that long maintain work\\
[2014-05-14 16:51:45] <caruizdiaz> xD\\
[2014-05-14 16:52:01] <miconda> next topic: old or forgotten patches\\
[2014-05-14 16:52:05] <linuxmaniac> just security patches for stable release\\
[2014-05-14 16:52:28] <linuxmaniac> multipart bodies!!! :-(\\
[2014-05-14 16:52:32] <linuxmaniac> jaja\\
[2014-05-14 16:52:43] <abalashov> My patch that deprecates IPv4 and non-TLS connections was forgotten. But it's probably best left forgotten.\\
[2014-05-14 16:53:02] <miconda> linuxmaniac: should be done soon\\
[2014-05-14 16:53:15] <miconda> the one for textops is more scarry\\
[2014-05-14 16:53:34] <miconda> but will be finished soon\\
[2014-05-14 16:53:34] <linuxmaniac> yes, and now I'm working on dialplan \\
[2014-05-14 16:53:57] <linuxmaniac> this will be even scarier \\
[2014-05-14 16:53:57] <miconda> the one for websockets, Peter responded on mailing list, as he cannot attend here\\
[2014-05-14 16:54:48] <miconda> my plan for the one on websockets (to get rid of libunistring) is to have defines to select one or another …\\
[2014-05-14 16:55:07] <miconda> in some OSes is hard to get libunistring\\
[2014-05-14 16:55:20] <miconda> eZz: hello!\\

===== mirrors =====
[2014-05-14 16:55:57] <caruizdiaz> +1 to get rid of libunistring\\
[2014-05-14 16:56:33] <linuxmaniac> I have to say that the Makefiles can be improved, I had recently a report because kamailio couldn't build without pkg-config\\
[2014-05-14 16:56:33] <miconda> we may get some US-located server\\
[2014-05-14 16:56:35] <oej> What's the alternative to libunistring\\
[2014-05-14 16:56:51] <oej> (sorry, missed "next topic" . MOve on!)\\
[2014-05-14 16:56:54] <miconda> oej: embedded version\\
[2014-05-14 16:57:04] <miconda> oej: no problem …\\
[2014-05-14 16:57:32] <miconda> oej: there was a patch to replace the function used from libunistring with one to be inside the module\\
[2014-05-14 16:57:39] <oej> ok\\
[2014-05-14 16:57:48] <miconda> because it is about conversion from utf8 to ascii, or so ...\\
[2014-05-14 16:57:56] <oej> Unicode is not easy, so we need to make sure it works properly\\
[2014-05-14 16:58:18] <miconda> don’t remember by heart now exactly\\
[2014-05-14 16:58:37] <miconda> but yes, we will keep both options by compile time to be able to switch in case of problems\\
[2014-05-14 16:58:58] <oej> Ok, back to "Mirrors"\\
[2014-05-14 16:59:05] <miconda> anything else for old patches?\\
[2014-05-14 16:59:15] <miconda> ok then, back to mirrors\\
[2014-05-14 16:59:23] <miconda> as said, we may get some US-located server\\
[2014-05-14 16:59:36] <miconda> thanks to qxork\\
[2014-05-14 16:59:45] <oej> Thanks Qxork\\
[2014-05-14 16:59:51] <abalashov> Thanks qxork !\\
[2014-05-14 17:00:00] <miconda> and I thought of mirroring the debian apt repos\\
[2014-05-14 17:00:01] <oej> MIrror of what btw?\\
[2014-05-14 17:00:25] <eZz> please tell me when will be a free talk, I did not declared any topics\\
[2014-05-14 17:00:27] <miconda> and build a rpm repo\\
[2014-05-14 17:00:55] <miconda> oej: so we get a server (virtual)\\
[2014-05-14 17:01:00] <miconda> and we can use it\\
[2014-05-14 17:01:23] <miconda> we are ok with apt repos\\
[2014-05-14 17:01:31] <miconda> but rpms are on open suse build servers\\
[2014-05-14 17:01:49] <miconda> and doesn’t appear to be easy to get via some package manager\\
[2014-05-14 17:01:55] <linuxmaniac> mika: there is an easy way to build rpm too in jenkins?\\
[2014-05-14 17:02:17] <mika> linuxmaniac: nope, i've a buddy working on it, but it needs work\\
[2014-05-14 17:02:25] <linuxmaniac> Ok\\
[2014-05-14 17:02:32] <miconda> not being a rpm-base distro user, I just thought of cloning the rpms and building a repository out of them\\
[2014-05-14 17:03:10] <mika> clean rpm builds similar to what we do with debs would be nice though :) what distris do you have in mind?\\
[2014-05-14 17:03:15] <miconda> then eventually set a mirror for apt repos as well, although I understood from sipwise guys that the current one is on amazon, so it is distributed already\\
[2014-05-14 17:03:50] <linuxmaniac> miconda: been in amazon doesn't mean distributed\\
[2014-05-14 17:03:50] <miconda> mika: now we (I) do for centos, redhat, opensuse and fedora\\
[2014-05-14 17:04:03] <miconda> various versions\\
[2014-05-14 17:04:14] <miconda> supported by opensuse build service\\
[2014-05-14 17:04:28] <miconda> linuxmaniac: ok, right, wanted to say more reliable :-)\\
[2014-05-14 17:04:30] <mika> miconda: alright\\
[2014-05-14 17:04:59] <oej> Gotta leave the office, or they will lock me in. Have a good meeting!\\
[2014-05-14 17:05:20] <caruizdiaz> glad that rpm based distros are taken into account :)\\
[2014-05-14 17:05:38] <caruizdiaz> bye oej :)\\
[2014-05-14 17:05:40] <eZz> have a great evening, oej!\\
[2014-05-14 17:06:04] <miconda> for reference: https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/home:kamailio:telephony \\
[2014-05-14 17:06:49] <miconda> so my question would have been: anyone here knowing to set a yum/whatsoever repository?\\
[2014-05-14 17:06:52] <caruizdiaz> thanks\\
[2014-05-14 17:07:24] <miconda> caruizdiaz: so you wanted to say that you can take care of?!?\\
[2014-05-14 17:07:56] <caruizdiaz> jajaja, I could, but it will take me some time to get used to the rpm build system.\\
[2014-05-14 17:08:02] <caruizdiaz> can you wait? ;)\\
[2014-05-14 17:08:19] <eZz> some years ago I was a maintainer of Slackware packages mirror and did it automaticaly\\
[2014-05-14 17:08:28] <miconda> build service is done, that’s easy\\
[2014-05-14 17:08:56] <mika> IIRC createrepo should even work on Debian to provide a yum mirror\\
[2014-05-14 17:08:59] <caruizdiaz> then it would be repo configuration only\\
[2014-05-14 17:09:00] <miconda> needed: a script to download the rpms and build a yum/etc repo\\
[2014-05-14 17:09:42] <miconda> ok … let’s get back on this when we have the server\\
[2014-05-14 17:09:54] <miconda> will discuss on mailing list\\
[2014-05-14 17:10:01] <eZz> btw, checkinstall can create rpm/debian/slack/etc else packages\\
[2014-05-14 17:10:31] <caruizdiaz> I think peter had done some work on this topic for his centos servers. I will catch up with his work and see how I can help\\
[2014-05-14 17:10:43] <miconda> ok\\

===== world wide events =====
[2014-05-14 17:10:53] <miconda> next topic: world wide events …\\
[2014-05-14 17:11:36] <miconda> if anyone here is participating to an event and approaches something touching kamailio, we can put news, etc… on site\\
[2014-05-14 17:11:46] <carstenbock> I'll add to the docs in the Wiki, how to use the SUSE services as a yum-repo...\\
[2014-05-14 17:12:17] <eZz> I'm working on 2 new modules according to security\\
[2014-05-14 17:12:23] <miconda> or if you know an event that should be attended, send and email and we will see if anyone can attend\\
[2014-05-14 17:12:43] <miconda> eZz: great, wait a bit and we will get on that topic\\
[2014-05-14 17:12:55] <eZz> miconda: ok\\
[2014-05-14 17:13:40] <miconda> to conclude on events — Cluecon and Astricon will be on our radar\\
[2014-05-14 17:14:04] <caruizdiaz> what about TADHack?\\
[2014-05-14 17:14:09] <miconda> but also smaller events are good, those kind of meetups\\
[2014-05-14 17:14:24] <miconda> caruizdiaz: looks interesting, overlaps with vacation\\
[2014-05-14 17:14:38] <miconda> but would be good if anyone can participate on site or remote\\
[2014-05-14 17:14:43] <caruizdiaz> it's not vacation in here :D\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:05] <miconda> here we done one every 10 years, so …\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:05] <caruizdiaz> I think I will. I will let you know if so.\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:06] <miconda> :-)\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:11] <miconda> ok\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:17] <qxork> have to run!\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:32] <miconda> next topic: ipv6, security\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:43] <miconda> oej is gone, so it should be short :-)\\
[2014-05-14 17:15:53] <caruizdiaz> xD\\
[2014-05-14 17:16:02] <miconda> any experiences with IPv6, any issues?\\
[2014-05-14 17:16:16] <miconda> not much production from my interactions …\\
[2014-05-14 17:17:06] <miconda> anyhow, for new modules dealing with ip addresses, ipv6 should be considered from early phase\\
[2014-05-14 17:17:24] <miconda> some providers in germany started to shift to ipv6\\
[2014-05-14 17:17:50] <linuxmaniac> miconda: we have some clients with ipv6\\
[2014-05-14 17:18:03] <miconda> to conclude: I am not aware of any issue, just wanted to get a round of others’ opinions\\
[2014-05-14 17:18:23] <miconda> linuxmaniac: ok, so it’s working …\\
[2014-05-14 17:18:37] <linuxmaniac> I not aware of any issue \\
[2014-05-14 17:18:41] <miconda> do you have any figures (estimations) of subscribers on ipv6\\
[2014-05-14 17:18:49] <miconda> like order of magnitude\\
[2014-05-14 17:18:57] <linuxmaniac> not me, but maybe Daniel or Andrew\\
[2014-05-14 17:18:59] <miconda> 1000+, 10 000+ …\\
[2014-05-14 17:19:05] <miconda> ok\\

